Improve a bit the description made for achievements done on the Console component (#22)
eufossa/symfony-hackathon-2019: achievements/console.md

# Symfony Console

> We fixed some bugs in the Symfony Console component including:

Reviewer: It seems we lose the elements of the removed paragraph, since they are not present afterwards.

- [STTY not reset when aborting in QuestionHelper::autocomplete()](https://github.com/symfony/symfony/pull/30883)
- [Inconsistent result for choice questions in non-interactive mode](https://github.com/symfony/symfony/pull/30878)

> - [Broken formatting of Table that has a trailing backslash](https://github.com/symfony/symfony/pull/30911)

Reviewer 2: > It seems we lose the elements of the removed paragraph, since they are not present afterwards.

That's right, here is how to restore them:

```suggestion
- [Inability to run most tests independently from each other](https://github.com/symfony/symfony/pull/30986)
```
